And there, beauty people today, I'm going to teach.
how to put together this puzzle that
which is 3 by 31 for five only that she
three Portuguese by five that change from
how it was made
three by three that this internal part
here and glue a layer over a
layer down
this top layer not seen lonely
can generate along with the other
the same thing down here can be achieved
take these two can not retrieve sleep
Everyone here turns on why.
these two are together these two are
together then they will is also a thing
Right here
now up there is no way to separate this
this species is stuck in this
this round in this then you can even
come here and then come here because this
This is it.
changing shape to solve the break
head is the same as 13 for three
you just have to have the complication you have
one more piece on top will see that it is
just like three by three without taking
per
I re-pack here already explains how
is it ready even though the law
packing three by three normal did
the same things here in this one if you
to repair the part that is three by three per
five tac to know that here the distance
from here to here and small
It's only three feet from here to five
this one is the top is down or vice
versa
ie the top green is from below
and blue where I was helped is low
green will choose to face low to
team that also has a part that
It's okay, then I 'll make the cross.
blue
personal blue cross looks have one of the cross
here it is already in place of the cross
in a corner people this here is the cross vera
cross from above
that's what's the cross is in the middle and
kicked in the corner to realize what the
center corner corner corner corner 666 666
so look here yellow
're another one here also the cross is
look here in the middle middle middle middle
corner corner corner corner and center
red with almost orange blue red
I made the cross now, I'm going to put the corners
I'm not going to make a daddy sell
because it 's harder
your gaze now everyone had notion
I sing because those of the cross are already here.
this here is a red and white corner
red and white only fit in the other
I sing here the red and yellow have to
come up and up put
here in box here in box
Beauty is good
now it was the second layer this is the
first layer the second layer this
part is ready, this piece is here.
orange and yellow here
This play has to come here. It leads to
away from her side to farther back
and now boxed
I found the second layer orange and white
have to fit here takes away the
same thing
only this one that is now red and
I have to come here. It takes me to
far
I'm ready for the second layer too.
Now let's go up and do what I do.
first cross on top right
while it has the cross on top that is the
center has two points these two insurance
here I make the algorithm from the cross comes from above
right up right
How many green songs have you woken up?
on
no if not sing time try green
here do the right sony
one right on itá twice
up back
sure a corner maybe it will work out right?
but I dream again and ready
Beauty now guides everything with color
right up I'm going to have two songs
with the same color
I do not have it so I'll do it twice
here I will make the oil once right
nor right has ever hurt our skin nor
appeared helio garcia from work now
it is not just his back or to
low back of the leg plus the penalty
When you have to show up here two
same in two with the same color let
back and do it again right right
behind took me back down to my
Leg is now and everything is alright
rest beauty fix one thing is
ready just need to make the Minerva will
generate in this sense here crying turns
front turns on and with the same color
playing in the middle back twice
Minerva back from the mail high forward
Back down, it's good the same as
I have to change anything for three
It is cool to see with different format
seems to be more difficult but it is not
not much
Beauty, good luck